{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The majority of the classes, especially the canvas class, are very code-heavy. However, most of the code is very self-explanatory and comments should be present in places they are needed. Across the five classes, there is some unused code, some of which has been commented out, some of which has not. I had a lot of ideas when I began this project that I wanted to implement, but I ran out of time and resources to make all of it happen for my class project.\
\
On the topic of resources, I began to see slow down in the game towards the very end of my development. I suspect it is due to the number of images being loaded and high framerate of the game. So yes, it is normal for the game to slow down a bit at times, I did my best to minimize this. There is one other known issue. If you crash the rocket in a segment that is not in the middle of the frame (x-value wise), you will get stuck outside of the main path and you will have to restart the program. Fixing this was definitely on my to-do list, but I ultimately did not get to it, as fixing worse bugs took a higher priority. \
\
Instructions: The rocket is controlled by the arrow keys; a missile can be fired using the space bar; hitting an enemy with a missile will defeat it; there is a segment in level one that requires a target to be hit with a missile in order to open a door; there is also an unlock code for a secret award (don\'92t get your hopes up too high of it being anything special!). I will let you discover how to earn the code and see what it does ;)}